V2.15-run-10603-dynamic-gpu-fractions (#548)
run-ai/docs: docs/Researcher/scheduling/dynamic-gpu-fractions.md

Run:ai automatically manages the state changes between `request` and `Limit` as well as the reverse (when the balance need to be "returned"), updating the metrics and workloads' states and graphs.

## Setting Fractional GPU Memory Limits

With the fractional GPU memory limit, users can submit workloads using GPU fraction `Request` and `Limit`.

You can either:

1. Use a GPU Fraction parameter (use the `gpu-fraction` annotation)

or

2. Use an absolute GPU Memory parameter (`gpu-memory` annotation)

When set a GPU memory limit either as GPU fraction, or GPU memory size, the `Limit` must be equal or greater than the GPU fraction memory request.

> Both GPU fraction, and GPU memory are translated into the actual requested memory size of the Request (guaranteed) and the Limit (best effort).

Reviewer: If we're goinng with k8s semantics - the correct term here is burstable and not best effort

> Both GPU fraction, and GPU memory are translated into the actual requested memory size of the Request (guaranteed) and the Limit (best effort).

Author: ```suggestion
Both GPU fraction, and GPU memory are translated into the actual requested memory size of the Request (guaranteed) and the Limit (burstable).
```
